[Music]
and hello there
welcome to my desk tour today i'm going
to be showing you around
my working from home set up i started my
new job
four weeks ago now so i've been working
here
monday to friday this is my parents
house by the way
they have very kindly let me set up my
workspace in the spare room of the house
i'll probably only be here for a few
months i'm hoping to move out eventually
and hopefully get into an office but for
now
this is where i am i'm happy with it
it's great that i have
a quiet environment to work during the
week and yeah
i'm gonna show you around i decided i
wanted to have my desk
looking out of the bay window just
because there's so much natural light
here
and it just makes the day a bit more
interesting when i can just take a look
outside
the slight downside is that it's a west
facing window
so when the sun goes down in the
afternoon it gets really low and
really bright in the eyes so i do have
to draw the curtains
and the curtains are this lovely yellow
blue
pattern that my parents picked out many
years ago
so i do draw these around every
afternoon when it gets a bit too bright
but honestly it's a very minor issue and
i'd much rather have too much light in
the window
than be sitting in the back of a really
dingy room the table
i'm using is actually a table we used to
use
for barbecues i'm calling it my desk
but really it's a garden table but it
functions you know
and the biggest perk is it's really big
i like to spread out my work and i can
very much do that on this table
it's got space on it for all of my
equipment so
yeah very happy with sourcing this
garden table
this is my desk chair it is
a massive director's chair it
technically belongs to my dad
but my mom moved into his workspace and
found this chair really uncomfy for
whatever reason
and so i said i'll have it so that
worked out quite well for me really
it's actually on a rug at the moment so
it doesn't move so well but it is on
wheels
it does spin it goes up and down
see what more do you want in a chair
okay
so here is my techie stuff we'll start
with my laptop
this is a laptop that was sent to me by
my company
for me to use it's dell but i can't tell
you much else about the model i have no
clue
but it's good it functions it lets me do
my work
i've got it plugged into the mains
pretty much all the time because
i like it to be fully charged i don't
want a disaster where the power cuts out
and then i have no charge on my laptop
because i've nearly had that happen
before the laptop is on
a laptop stand so if i lift this up we
can see the stand a bit more clearly
it's beau yata i ordered it from amazon
earlier this week actually the stand is
a very new addition to my setup but i
just prefer my laptop a little bit more
raised i like the laptop on a level
with my monitor which was also sent to
me
by the company connected to my laptop by
an hdmi cable there
we've got a few other cables round here
but luckily they're all just pushed to
the back of the table where i don't have
to worry about them
massive monitor actually really wide
which is perfect for when i'm working on
big spreadsheets
i really do need two screens for my work
because i'm often needing to compare
numbers between
files reconcile data and i often have to
have different applications and software
open at the same time
so yeah having two screens is very handy
then in front of my screens i have a
wired
keyboard and along with that a wireless
mouse
now this was not sent to me by my
company
my company sent me a wired mouse which
is okay
i don't mind a wired mouse but my dad
had a spare
wireless one going and said i could use
it so i thought
why not it's quite nice to have less
wires in my working space so
yes this is an anchor mouse i believe
we've had it for quite a while moving
over to the left of my computer
i have my filing tray this is where i
put any papers that i need
that are relevant to work that i'm doing
on one day so i can grab them easily
on the top here i have a sheet which has
lots of
excel shortcuts on it because i'm often
using excel
i'm not going to show you the underside
though with all the information on
because it was made by someone at my
company and
it's not okay for me to share that on
the internets but that is
something that i would grab quickly on a
day also tucked in
under here i have a wilco refill pad
surprise surprise we all know i love
wilco
it's just a standard notepad for making
notes
i am trying to make more of my notes
digital
and on my computer but i'm just so used
to using pen and paper
a lot of the time on my job at the
moment i'm on calls and
project supervisors are telling me lots
and lots of information and i want to
jot it down quickly
and i'm just so much faster at writing
by hand than typing at the moment so
i opt for pen and paper but that might
change i'm trying to transition
to completely digital notes but we'll
see how that goes
next to my filing tray i have my pen pot
my pink pen pot i'll be honest with you
the only thing i've really used out of
this pen pot so far in the first four
weeks
is these mechanical pencils paper mates
mechanical pencils
i am a big fan of mechanical pencils
because you don't have to sharpen them
and also i'm a bit of a perfectionist
and i hate having to cross things out
even if it's just rough notes so i
really don't like writing in pen that
often and i mostly
opt for pencils i've got a few colored
pens in there
some scissors highlighters but i haven't
really used them
i also have a stapler and some paper
clips here which are really handy
and then we have my planner which is
what i use to organize
myself at the moment so this is actually
an academic planner
so it runs from september to august i
believe so i've literally just started
using it last month
it was very kindly gifted to me by ruby
granger and pumpkin productivity i
absolutely love it let me just find a
random page to show you
so here you can see there's a weekly
spread with so much space to make your
daily to-do list
space to take things off can write down
events reminders for the day commitments
hours to spend working
it's just the perfect planner to
organize my work
and i'm also going to use it to organize
my studies when i start studying again
so
this is a permanent placement on my desk
over to the other side of the desk i
have
my big spotty liver arch file this is
what i use to
file all of my notes for my work that
just sits here so i can
whip out relevant project notes training
notes when i need them
behind the folder i have this mysterious
bag
which contains my wired headset
this is the headset here i think i've
shown it in a video before
um i'm not going to bother untangling
that but
this is what i use when i'm on video
calls i'm literally
in calls for a lot of my days at the
moment because i'm training on the job i
don't know what i'm doing
i need people to give me instructions
and answer my questions so
i'm quite frequently talking to other
people who are working remotely
and yeah next to my wired headset is
my glasses case which contains my
glasses which you have
probably all seen before i do not have
good eyesight
but today i'm wearing my contact lenses
so they are not needed today
oh actually i missed over here my
coaster
i am frequently having coffee and
biscuits while i'm working
because i'm that healthy um so i need a
coaster
this one was given to me a few years ago
by a friend i actually haven't had
prosecco
in recent months underneath the desk i
have my waste paper basket
just for convenience i can chuck in any
papers i don't need
i'm sitting on a pink rug purely for
decorative purposes
um but my dog does like lying on this
rug actually
he very much enjoys snuggling down in
the rug and sitting next to me while i'm
working which is
very cute you like it on this rug don't
you
yeah you do and then you can see behind
there a few of the cables
bit of a mess at the back there not very
exciting you can see my extension cable
one thing i don't have currently is a
lamp
because it's been summer so in the hours
that i've been working
it's always been daylight so i haven't
needed any extra light
however i am planning on putting a lamp
in eventually i've got one in my room
that i used to use at uni
in the next month or so i'm going to be
ordering study materials and using this
space as a study space as well i am now
registered as a student at the ifoa
the institute and faculty of actuaries
so now all that's left for me to do
before i get studying
is decide on which modules i'm taking
and then
order my study materials and yeah that's
about it really
so i hope you enjoyed this video if you
want to see
more content relating to my new job
please do give the video a like
and subscribe to my channel follow my
instagram
and yeah thank you for watching guys see
you soon with another video
[Music]
bye